
What is your pet's name?
Where were you born?
What is the name of your school?
What is your favorite restaurant?
Who is your favorite singer?
What is your favorite town?
What is your favorite song?
What is your favorite film?
What is your favorite book?
Where was your first job?
Where did you grow up?
What is your primary frequent flyer number?
What is your library card number?
What was your first phone number?
What was your first teacher’s name?
Where did you meet your spouse?
What is your favorite pastime?
What is your favorite sports team?
What was your high school mascot?
What is your father's middle name?
What make was your first car or bike?
What was the name of your first school?
What is your mother's birthplace?
Who is you childhood best friend?
Who is your favorite teacher?
Who is your favorite historical person?
What is your grandfather's occupation?
When were you married?
What is your grandma's maiden name?
What is your father's nickname?
What is your grandma's occupation?
What was the first overseas city you visited?
When was your first trip abroad?
What is your favorite video game?
What is your favorite song?
What is your favorite drink?
What was the name of the first book you read?
Who was your favorite kindergarten teacher?
What street did you live on in third grade?
What is your oldest sibling's birthday month and year? (e.g., January 1990)
What is your youngest sibling's birthday month and year? (e.g., January 1990)
What is the middle name of your youngest child?
What is your oldest sibling's middle name?
What is your youngest sibling's middle name?
What school did you attend for sixth grade?
What was your childhood phone number including area code? (e.g., 000-000-0000)
What is your oldest cousin's first and last name?
What was the name of your first stuffed animal?
In what city or town did your mother and father meet? 
Where did you have your first kiss? 
What was the last name of your third grade teacher?
In what city does your nearest sibling live?
What is the name of the place your wedding reception was held?
What is the name of a college you applied to but didn't attend?
Where were you when you first heard about 9/11?
What is the name of the company of your first job?
What was your favorite place to visit as a child?
What is the country of your ultimate dream vacation?
To what city did/will you go on your honeymoon?
What time of the day were you born?
What was your dream job as a child? 
What is the street number of the house you grew up in?
What is the license plate (registration) of your dad's first car?
What was the first concert you attended?
Where did you vacation last year?
What is the name of your grandmother's dog? 
What color is your current pet?
What is your preferred musical genre? 
In what city and country do you want to retire? 
What is the name of the first undergraduate college you attended?
What year did you graduate from High School?
What month and day is your anniversary? (e.g., January 2)
What is your mother's middle name? 
In what city and country do you want to retire?

